hi friends from youtube i am your
companion brehaut and today I bring you a
pair of gloves for the 1.6 cs either
steam and no steam that's right they will not have to
worry about that
good friends the link of the gloves
will be in the description of the video
will be for a mega link I'm sorry no
I know what happened with half fil
once downloaded the file will have a
rar file and as always what
decompress or extract
forgive friends I do not know what happened to this
file I'll have to extract in the
desk
shit here is the folder
now if they extract it
this does not work so he eliminated
they close the weird and they will see that in their
desktop a folder called anipac what
open
you will see that they have molds
the files that they have as images
are textures of how the gloves say xd
the textures served with this application
than with this application and if the gloves
the application is called head to flight
model singers
with this window I made the gloves
You can also make your own
weapons or mother's in another tuto les
I will teach how to make gloves or weapons
good friends if you do not know how to install
I will teach you gloves and if not forward
in the video open the location of your
counter state and also open the
gloves folders
copy everything in the folder
gloves - textures good once
open the two folders in the folder
of the counter's location click
in striker and then in the folder
models stick it in the models folder
click on all conflicts and
also click on copy and
replace
they close the folder and they will be
installed the gloves
good friends in another tutorial les
I will teach how to use the application
in this video I will not be able to show you
the gloves in another video I'm going to
show gloves
good friends, I hope you like the
gloves and as you know comment if there is a
problem point 1 and subscribe if
good friends, I hope a lot from you
what goodbay
low fuck
as well